                                                              ASSINGMENT-01

Ans-1  Primitive datatype in java-->byte,short,char,int,long,float,double,boolean

Ans-2  A name in java is known as identifiers .it can be class name,method name,variable name,interface name etc

Ans-3  A final class in java is that can't be inherited. it means if we don't want to modify the class prorperties,behaviour we can make our class as final.

Ans-4  Two ways to make a class final--> first using final keyword and second if we make constructor as private than also the class will behave like final.

Ans-5  Yes,we can create instance of final class in other class but we can't inherit final calss.

Ans-6 volatile keyword used for a variable indicates that the value of variable may be modify by multiple Thread. when we need to ensure visibility of changes
      of variable between threads that time we use variable as volatile.

Ans-7 transient keyword used to indicate a field in class that should not be serialized means when a field marked as transient ,its value is not inlcuded in 
      serialed form.For example password field is marked as transient so when user object is serialized and than deserialized ,password field will not saved
      its value will lost .it become null.

Ans-8 There are two type of casting
       1. primitive casting-- conversion one primitive data type to another data type. It is also of two type.

      (i)Implicit type casting(widening) ---when a smaller data type is converted into larger data type. there is no data loss. For example int to double
      (ii)Explicit type cating(Narrowing)--- when we manually convert a larger data type to  smaller data type.Here data loss occurs. For example double to int

      2. Derived type casting--it is type conversion between objects.
         (i) upcasting - converting child object into parent objec
         (ii) downcasting - coverting parent object into child class object


Ans-9 Boxing or Autoboxing is process of converting primitive datatype to its corresponding wraper class.For example int to Integer,float to Float
      unboxing is reverse of Boxing where wrapper classes are converted into corresponding data types . for example Integer to int

Ans-10 identifiers - A name in java is identifiers . it don't have predefined meaning, defined by user
       keyword -   reserved word in java with predefined meaning, defined by java language
       literal -   fixed value used in code. To represent constant directly.
      
       